# Assignment2BIT607 5002677
# Security Issues that web developers face:
No matter the size of your business, you are at risk of being hacked by persons who mean your business harm. As a web developer, security for a business that the website is being developed for is extremely important. When taking user information in a web form and then storing it, this information must, by law, be protected against outside threats. 
The CIA model gives a good description of what must be protected.
First is Confidentiality. Confidentiality is breached when a hacker illegally accesses personal information or data being stored. This stolen information can be used for things such as ransom, identity theft and, when there is credit card or bank account information, money.
Next is Integrity. This is when a hacker can access data systems and change the information that is stored, and so that information then becomes incorrect and effectively useless. In the case of email contact or a chat from a webpage, a hacker can possibly intercept the communications and control the information that is being exchanged. 
Availability is when a hacker floods a website with too much traffic, causing overloading on the servers and disabling genuine traffic from being able to access the website. This is a denial of service attack and is quite common.
When we develop a website, we must consider what information we are collecting, how we are using it, where it is being stored, how long it is being stored for and whether this information is going to be shared with any third parties. All of these things must be disclosed in the privacy policy. The privacy policy must be easy to read and understand, and easy to find for users of our website.
Main things to consider:
Making sure when authenticating users that the username and password stored in the htaccess file both match before access is allowed.
This htaccess file is placed in a directory that controls access to other files in that directory. When a user enters the password, it is encrypted and stored. The stored password should be stored as a cryptographic hash and not the actual password. When the user enters their password to access the site or certain directories in the site, it is run through the same encryption process. If the passwords match, access is granted. This allows for only certain access to certain files and increasingly protects stored data.
When setting requirements for passwords, the 'safe' minimum number of characters is 8. An uppercase, lowercase and symbol enforced is a good way to get users to create a password that is not easily hackable. Passphrases are a better option.
Use the secure version of HTTP >> HTTPS. Transport layer security (TLS) is the most secure option. This is when each side of the commuunication has the 'private key', while the information is travelling with a 'public key'. The private key is held only by the intended users, so information being sent is not easily intercepted and decrypted.
Get a digital certificate for the website. This is issued by the Certificates Authority. The CA assigns a private key to the website for the encryption.
Use a Content Delivery Network or CDN to protect against DOS (denial of service) and/or DDOS (distributed denial of service) attacks. CDN's keep copies of your website on multiple servers. This helps during a DDOS attack because, say yor website is being attacked on on server, the CDN can load your page that is stored on another server. This will not hinder the user from accessing your site, causing you to possibly lose revenue. CDN networks also do http caching. The storing of copies on local servers close to where it has been accessed improves load times whenever your website needs to be loaded from that server again. The CDN automatically updates the locally stored web resources with your up to date one, saving you the trouble.
Some CDN's offer additional security measures that protect against other threats if required.
# Accessibilty Guidelines
While building my website, I was thinking of ways to make the website accessible to people affected by disability. I used <header> <nav> <body> <main> and <footer> tags to seperate the content logically. I put the menu in a table so users can tab through each item and the price for that item sequentially. 
The navigation menu was in <li> so the user could tab through each option. Images were given alt tags for either seeing impaired people or if the image failed to load.
  After I had created the website and really looked at it for accessibility, I thought of putting more and thicker borders around objects so they stood out more against the background, as there wasn't much colour to distinguish between elements. I also increased the size of the font in the <footer> so it was more readable.
  I ran all pages through AChecker and there were no known problems.
  
# Responsive Design Principles

In the <meta> tag I wrote for the browser to detect the size of the viewport. In css I intruscted for the html font-size to be 1% of the vw (view width). The following em sizes were relative to the size of the viewport. I found an article at https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2016/05/fluid-typography/ that explained the differences and usages of vw and em together. I had set the entire html font-size to 1vw (which is 1% of the viewport size), so 2em would be 2% etc.
I ran each page through BrowserStack to see how each page renders on Different devices. The only problem in the initial test was with the logo on each page. I then created a media query in styles.css to change the sizes of images and fonts when the viewport width is less than 700px.
Screenshots for each page run through Googles Mobile-Friendly test are in Word document titled 'MobileTesting'.
The final thing to do was minify the code to speed up loading times. My home page has minimal content and took just over half a second to load, so that was all that I needed to do on that page. I found with the other pages, it was the google <iframe> content that was slowing the loading times of those pages. 
 I would have liked to fill some of the white space on the reservations page with 2 more images, but that wouldn't be optimal? A trade-off may have been needed for appeal... depending on image loading times.
